these calls announce the start of a raid
into land controls by their neighbors as
they leave their core zone the patrol
goes silent occasionally stopping to
listen signs of the enemy are detected
and examined closely the chimp militia
are now at the very edge of their
territory all need to be on maximum
alert
they must wait and listen an unfamiliar
chimp call raises the tension it's an
uncertain time the size of the rival
group is as yet unknown not far away
their neighbors are feeding in the fig
tree oblivious to the approaching
dangers the patrol moves off with a
sense of purpose they must remain silent
until they close in from their rivals
the attack is on to intimidate their
opponents the aggressive scream and
drama on butter fruits
several males corner an enemy female
it's a ferocious attack and she's lucky
to escape of her life others are not so
fortunate the battle won a grisly scene
unfolds an enemy youngster has been
caught and killed the carcass is shared
between members of the group and eaten
killing a competitor makes sense if you
want to protect your food supply
but exactly why they cannibalize the
dead chimp is not fully understood it
may simply be a chance for some extra
protein